How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
I was able to understand that spot the difference immediately because the "diff"
command put each section of the files together. Hence, the difference could easily be identified.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having access to a program's history can help on in terms of seeing what the program was and what is has
metermophorsized into. It is a good way to catch errors and ensure that complete program collapse is prevented.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros; It will help the user have control and thus understand his own work
Cons; User may mistakenly forget to commit as he is engrossed in his work and the entire program might collapse.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Version control systems are basically for programs like apps or websites which are codependent on different languages and files, however, google docs are more
for the average person's use in that files mostly saved on it are doc files and photos.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
The git log command is used to check the history of commits in a project or program along with the time and comments accompanying each change.
The git diff command on the other hand is used to check the differences that occured in codes/ versions before and after a commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Using version control will enable me to make huge changes to the program which i am working on, with the view in mind that if I mess up, I always have the ability
to return to a restore point.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Lets save a couple of files!